When deciding whether to use a source or not, the first step is always to -
- consider which type of source you have in front of you.
Is it a non-fiction textbook? A newspaper? A product catalogue?
Or a commercial webpage?
Sources can come in many shapes.
And different source types are suitable for different purposes.
One, to find the price of a cool t-shirt -
- another, to find information on analysis models and statistics.
Then, you need to further explore the background data of the source -
to help decide if the source is a valid one.
Does it come from a journalist? A company? A professional?
Or a retired high school teacher from Vejle?
For that purpose, it might be a good idea to search for some background information on the source.
Yes, a simple Google search might do the trick.